Group 1 (Sentences with varried structures):
1.	Barack Obama was born in Honolulu. (Simple sentence with one possible relation)
2.	Barack Obama was born in Honolulu and served as the 44th President of the United States. (Conjunction with “And”, at least two possible relations)
3.	Barack Obama was born in Honolulu, married to Michelle Obama and served as the 44th President of the United States. (Complex sentences with more than two possible relations)

4.	Isaac Newton formulated the law of gravity.
5.	Isaac Newton formulated the law of gravity and developed calculus.
6.	Isaac Newton formulated the law of gravity, developed calculus, and became President of the Royal Society. 

7.	Frida Kahlo was born in Mexico City.
8.	Frida Kahlo was born in Mexico City and became a renowned painter. 
9.	Frida Kahlo was born in Mexico City and became a renowned painter, however suffered from lifelong health issues. 

10.	Albert Einstein was born in Ulm, Germany. 
11.	Albert Einstein was born in Ulm, Germany and developed the theory of relativity. 
12.	Albert Einstein was born in Ulm, Germany, worked at the Swiss Patent Office, and developed the theory of relativity. 

13.	Nelson Mandela spent 27 years in prison. 
14.	Nelson Mandela spent 27 years in prison and became President of South Africa. 
15.	Nelson Mandela spent 27 years in prison, became President of South Africa, and won the Nobel Peace Prize. 

16.	Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. 
17.	Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and lived in England. 
18.	Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice, lived in England, and influenced English literature profoundly. 

	
Group 2 (Simple sentence structure for voice variation):
1.	Steve Jobs founded Apple. (Active sentence with one possible relation)
2.	Apple was founded by Steve Jobs. (Passive form of the sentence with one possible relation)

3.	Thomas Edison invented the phonograph. 
4.	The phonograph was invented by Thomas Edison. 

5.	Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin. 
6.	Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming. 

7.	The Wright brothers built the first airplane. 
8.	The first airplane was built by the Wright brothers. 

9.	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart composed The Magic Flute. 
10.	The Magic Flute was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. 

11.	Galileo Galilei improved the telescope.
12.	The telescope was improved by Galileo Galilei. 


Group 3 (Semantically Incorrect Simple Sentences):
1.	Steve Jobs founded the Nile River. (Simple sentence, but semantically incorrect)
2.	Napoleon Bonaparte discovered the Internet.
3.	William Shakespeare built the Great Wall of China. 
4.	Cleopatra invented the steam engine.
5.	Christopher Columbus painted the Sistine Chapel ceiling.
6.	Albert Einstein composed Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony. 

